On behalf of Expert Village my name is Andrea
Spano and I'm going to show you how to make
crab cakes from my new book Not Just Desserts.
So as you can see the crab cakes has been
frying a little bit, I kind of lower them
a little bit while concentrated on my sauce
I didn't want to burn them. I flip one of
them over as you can see the brown beautiful
brown color it has I want to flip them all
over and they would continue to brown on the
other side. That was a little to much you
know what the middle of the pan always hotter
then the sides. Here you go nice and brown,
beautiful and now it is at this point you
can let them sit in there and you turn off
the heat source so this way they don't over
cook but you have the nice brown on top, perfectly
done. Now we are going to concentrate on the
finishing of our sauce which as you can see
is reducing we want to get it to the consistency
so that it is not to watery.